---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
permalink: /privacy-policy/
share-title: Privacy Policy | Slice of Power
share-description: 
---

Effective Date: 20 July 2023

**Introduction**

Thank you for visiting Slice of Power at https//sliceofpower.com (“Site”). Your privacy is very important to us, which is why we have developed this Policy to ensure your understanding of how we collect, use, communicate, disclose, and make use of personal information. This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle and protect any information collected through your use of our website.

**Information Collected**

We collect certain non-personally identifiable information automatically when you visit our website. This information may include your IP address, browser type, operating system, referring website, pages visited, and other usage statistics. We collect this information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user engagement, and gather demographic information. This data is used solely for internal purposes and is not linked to any personally identifiable information.

**Use of Cookies and Tracking Technologies**

Cookies are small text files stored on your device that help enhance your browsing experience and analyze website usage. We use cookies and tracking technologies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze website usage, and serve personalized advertisements based on your interests. These technologies are provided by third-party services, including Google Analytics and Google AdSense. They collect non-personally identifiable information such as your location, interactions with our website, and communications exchanged with our site. 

If you prefer to not have your personal information collected and stored by Google Analytics, you can download and install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). For more information on how Google collects and uses your data, please refer to the Google's Privacy Policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

- **Google Analytics**  
We utilize Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., to analyze website traffic and usage patterns. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect and store non-personally identifiable information. The data generated by these cookies is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google may also use this information to provide reports and improve our website's performance. Google's Privacy Policy governs the collection, use, and disclosure of information collected by Google Analytics, which you can review at https://policies.google.com/privacy.

- **Google AdSense**  
We participate in the Google AdSense program, which allows us to display advertisements provided by Google. AdSense uses cookies to deliver relevant advertisements based on your interests and browsing behavior. These cookies enable us to personalize ads and measure their effectiveness. Google's use of cookies allows them to serve advertisements to our visitors based on their visits to our website and other sites on the Internet. You can manage your ad personalization settings and learn more about how Google collects and processes data in their privacy policy https://policies.google.com/privacy.

**Social Media Sharing**

Our website provides options to share articles on social media platforms, such as Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn. Please note that clicking on these social media sharing buttons or any external links may result in you being redirected to third-party websites. Once you leave our website, you are subject to the privacy policies and practices of those third-party websites. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of these external sites for more information on their data collection and processing practices.

**Embedded Content from Other Websites**

Our website may include embedded content, such as images, videos, or articles, from other websites. This content is not operated by us and may come from external sources. While we strive to ensure the authenticity and reliability of embedded content, please be aware that these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with the embedded content. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these external websites to understand how your information may be collected, used, and shared. 

**Data Security**

We take reasonable measures to protect the information collected from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please be aware that no method of transmission or storage is completely secure. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of the data.

**Updates to the Privacy Policy**

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our data practices or legal requirements. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting on this page. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any updates or modifications.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at sliceofpower (at) proton (dot) me.
